WTD Atlantic 2023 possible schedule (#1982)
writethedocs/www: docs/conf/atlantic/2023/news/announcing-schedule.rst

:template: {{year}}/generic.html

.. post:: July 24, 2023
   :tags: {{year}}, {{shortcode}}-{{year}}, schedule

Announcing Full Schedule
========================

Hey everyone!

We're just over six weeks away from the first {{city}} conference, and we're working hard to make sure it'll be as welcoming and fun as previous years.

Today we're announcing the full presentation schedule.

Conference platform
--------------------

The conference will again be held on https://hopin.to/. Hopin not only provides a stage for our amazing speakers, but also has integrated chat, unconference rooms with breakout calls, and expo booths. 
Our Welcome Wagon guide, to be released soon, will help it feel familiar before you've even arrived.
Hopin will show you the conference schedule in your time zone, making it easy to follow the schedule.

> You will receive an invite to Hopin about one week before the conference.

Reviewer: I'd probably mention something that clarifies that the registration links will be sent to the ticketholder emails, and use the opportunity to plug ticket sales again ;)

Full presentation schedule
--------------------------

The conference website is now updated with the :doc:`/conf/{{shortcode}}/{{year}}/schedule/` for the main stage presentations, so you can start planning your time (and getting excited!) for the conference. 

> We're excited to continue live Q&A after most talks. The Q&A will come from your questions but moderated by our MCs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We'll continue to hold live Q&A sessions after most talks. The Q&A will come from your questions but moderated by our MCs.
```

As our attendees are in various time zones, we've planned a number of equal breaks throughout the day. We are all trying to balance our screen time, so we wanted to make sure that your eyes get their rest!

> Instead of a separate social event, we've added time in the schedule before the start and after the end of each day for you to socialize in the hallway sessions or one on one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead of a separate social event, we've added time in the schedule before the start and after the end of each day, for you to socialize in the hallway sessions or one on one.
```

If you have a project or are part of a community that you think would benefit from a writing sprint, start brainstorming now about what you might want to focus on.
If you'd like us to include your project on the Writing Day page `submit your project <https://forms.gle/KPo1ZPuRHqf7UZy37>`_ and we'll
add it to our `Writing Day project list <https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/atlantic/{{year}}/writing-day/#your-project-here>`__.
You can also just show up on Sunday ready to introduce your project, but getting it on the website in advance can increase interest.

Shirts still on sale
--------------------

The `Write the Docs {{city}} {{year}} Pop-Up Shop <https://shirt.writethedocs.org/>`_ is open! We have loose and fitted options from different fabrics, and you can choose exactly the size and cut you want.

The campaign will run in batches until September 30th. Shipping is available from the USA or Europe. However, due to the global shipping situation, we recommend you order your shirt at least 2-3 weeks in advance if you want to sport your new threads during the conference.

> All our events and activities

Reviewer: I know we're not doing a job fair, but do we want to mention the Sponsor Expo and explain briefly what it is? cc @ericholscher

Reviewer 2: Seems reasonable, I see for Portland we didn't do this, so not a huge deal, but likely worth mentioning? 🤷 

We included it like this there:

```
We hope you'll have a chance to chat with them at the Sponsor Expo on Tuesday morning.
```

And it seems we did similar below, which looks 👍 .

* **Lightning Talks.** We'll have `lightning talks <https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/{{shortcode}}/{{year}}/lightning-talks/>`__ each day after lunch. These are 5 minute presentations and a lot of fun. They can be about anything you want, this is your chance to share something you are passionate about with the audience. Slides are not required.
* **Unconference.** We'll be running the `Unconference <https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/{{shortcode}}/{{year}}/unconference/>`_ all day Monday and on Tuesday afternoon. Want to chat with like-minded folks about a specific thing? This is the place.
* **Conference Help Desk**. If you have any questions about navigating the virtual event, we'll be running the Write the Docs Helpdesk booth, where you can chat with one of the organizers and the Welcome Wagon team.

The `Schedule page <https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/{{shortcode}}/{{year}}/schedule/>`_ has the latest and most complete information about all our events. This is where we will also update any changes/cancellations if they should occur.

Thanks to our sponsors
----------------------

Thanks in particular to our sponsors for supporting the conference this year.

> We've excited to have them at our Job Fair and around the entire conference participating in a few different ways.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've excited to have them at our Sponsor Expo and around the entire conference participating in a few different ways.
```
